README.md, before:

# Leo Venice.AI Configuration Tool

> #BraveAI #VeniceAI #LeoAI #AIHelper #LLM #LLaMA3 #AIConfiguration #BraveExtension

A universal tool to seamlessly configure Leo AI helper in Brave browser to use Venice.AI's powerful LLaMA 3.3 70B model. This tool automates the process of setting up your Brave browser to use Venice.AI as your default AI assistant.

## ⚡ Quickstart

1. **Download the executable** for your platform:
   - [Windows (leo_venice_config.exe)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo/releases/latest/download/leo_venice_config.exe)
   - [macOS (leo_venice_config_mac)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo/releases/latest/download/leo_venice_config_mac)
   - [Linux (leo_venice_config_linux)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo/releases/latest/download/leo_venice_config_linux)

2. **Run the executable**:
   - **Windows**: Double-click the downloaded file or run it from the command line
   - **macOS**: Open Terminal, navigate to the download location, and run:
     ```bash
     chmod +x ./leo_venice_config_mac && ./leo_venice_config_mac
     ```
   - **Linux**: Open Terminal, navigate to the download location, and run:
     ```bash
     chmod +x ./leo_venice_config_linux && ./leo_venice_config_linux
     ```
   - The tool will prompt you for your Venice.AI API key

3. **Restart Brave browser** to apply the changes

That's it! Your Brave browser is now configured to use Venice.AI with Leo AI helper.

## 🚀 Features

- **One-Click Configuration**: Automatically configures Leo AI helper in Brave browser
- **Cross-Platform Support**: Works on Windows, macOS, and Linux
- **Backup Creation**: Creates a backup of your existing configuration
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple GUI on Windows, CLI on other platforms
- **Secure**: Your API key is stored only in your local Brave configuration

## 🛠️ Installation

### Prerequisites

- [Brave Browser](https://brave.com/download/) with Leo AI helper
- [Venice.AI API Key](https://venice.ai/settings/api)

### Option 1: Download Pre-built Executable (Recommended)

Simply download the executable for your platform from the [Releases page](https://github.com/georgeglarson/leo-venice-config/releases/latest).

### Option 2: Building from Source (Advanced)

If you prefer to build from source, you'll need:
- [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) 1.16 or higher

Then follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/georgeglarson/leo-venice-config.git
   cd leo-venice-config
   ```

2. Initialize the Go module and get dependencies:
   ```bash
   go mod init leo_venice_config
   go get github.com/google/uuid
   ```

3. Build for your platform:

   **Windows:**
   ```bash
   go build -o leo_venice_config.exe leo_venice_config.go
   ```

   Or simply run the included build script:
   ```bash
   # On Linux/macOS
   ./build.sh

   # On Windows
   build.bat
   ```

   **Other Platforms (if needed):**
   ```bash
   # For macOS
   GOOS=darwin GOARCH=amd64 go build -o leo_venice_config_mac leo_venice_config.go

   # For Linux
   GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -o leo_venice_config_linux leo_venice_config.go
   ```

## 📋 Usage

### Easiest Method (Windows)

Simply **double-click** the `leo_venice_config.exe` file. A dialog will appear prompting you for your Venice.AI API key.

### Command Line Method

You can also run the tool from the command line:

**With API key as argument:**

**Windows:**
```bash
leo_venice_config.exe -key=YOUR_API_KEY
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
./leo_venice_config -key=YOUR_API_KEY
```

**With interactive prompt:**

**Windows:**
```bash
leo_venice_config.exe
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
./leo_venice_config
```

## ⚙️ Configuration Details

The tool will automatically:

1. Find Brave's Preferences file on your system
2. Create a backup of your current configuration
3. Configure Leo to use Venice.AI with:
   - Label: Venice.AI
   - Model: llama-3.3-70b
   - Endpoint: https://api.venice.ai/api/v1/chat/completions
   - Context size: 4000
4. Set Venice.AI as the default model for Leo AI helper

## 🔒 Security

- Your API key is stored only in your local Brave browser configuration
- The tool creates a backup of your configuration before making any changes
- No data is sent to any server except when you use Leo AI helper with Venice.AI

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests.

## 📬 Contact

For questions or support, contact:
- Email: george.g.larson@gmail.com
- Twitter: [@g3ologic](https://twitter.com/g3ologic)
- GitHub: [georgeglarson](https://github.com/georgeglarson)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

#AITools #BraveExtensions #VeniceAI #LeoAI #AIConfiguration #LLaMA #OpenSource #CrossPlatform #GoLang

Commit message:

Update README to prominently feature the GitHub Pages site

README.md, after:

# Leo Venice.AI Configuration Tool

> #BraveAI #VeniceAI #LeoAI #AIHelper #LLM #LLaMA3 #AIConfiguration #BraveExtension

**📱 Website: [georgeglarson.github.io/venice-ai-for-brave-leo](https://georgeglarson.github.io/venice-ai-for-brave-leo)**

A universal tool to seamlessly configure Leo AI helper in Brave browser to use Venice.AI's powerful LLaMA 3.3 70B model. This tool automates the process of setting up your Brave browser to use Venice.AI as your default AI assistant.

[![Website Preview](https://img.shields.io/badge/View_Website-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://georgeglarson.github.io/venice-ai-for-brave-leo)
[![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Repo-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo)

## ⚡ Quickstart

1. **Download the executable** for your platform:
   - [Windows (leo_venice_config.exe)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo/releases/latest/download/leo_venice_config.exe)
   - [macOS (leo_venice_config_mac)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo/releases/latest/download/leo_venice_config_mac)
   - [Linux (leo_venice_config_linux)](https://github.com/georgeglarson/venice-ai-for-brave-leo/releases/latest/download/leo_venice_config_linux)

2. **Run the executable**:
   - **Windows**: Double-click the downloaded file or run it from the command line
   - **macOS**: Open Terminal, navigate to the download location, and run:
     ```bash
     chmod +x ./leo_venice_config_mac && ./leo_venice_config_mac
     ```
   - **Linux**: Open Terminal, navigate to the download location, and run:
     ```bash
     chmod +x ./leo_venice_config_linux && ./leo_venice_config_linux
     ```
   - The tool will prompt you for your Venice.AI API key

3. **Restart Brave browser** to apply the changes

That's it! Your Brave browser is now configured to use Venice.AI with Leo AI helper.

## 🌐 Website

Visit our [project website](https://georgeglarson.github.io/venice-ai-for-brave-leo) for:
- Easy downloads for all platforms
- Interactive quickstart guide
- Detailed documentation
- Contact information

The website provides a user-friendly interface for downloading and learning about the tool.

## 🚀 Features

- **One-Click Configuration**: Automatically configures Leo AI helper in Brave browser
- **Cross-Platform Support**: Works on Windows, macOS, and Linux
- **Backup Creation**: Creates a backup of your existing configuration
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple GUI on Windows, CLI on other platforms
- **Secure**: Your API key is stored only in your local Brave configuration

## 🛠️ Installation

### Prerequisites

- [Brave Browser](https://brave.com/download/) with Leo AI helper
- [Venice.AI API Key](https://venice.ai/settings/api)

### Option 1: Download Pre-built Executable (Recommended)

Simply download the executable for your platform from the [Releases page](https://github.com/georgeglarson/leo-venice-config/releases/latest).

### Option 2: Building from Source (Advanced)

If you prefer to build from source, you'll need:
- [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) 1.16 or higher

Then follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/georgeglarson/leo-venice-config.git
   cd leo-venice-config
   ```

2. Initialize the Go module and get dependencies:
   ```bash
   go mod init leo_venice_config
   go get github.com/google/uuid
   ```

3. Build for your platform:

   **Windows:**
   ```bash
   go build -o leo_venice_config.exe leo_venice_config.go
   ```

   Or simply run the included build script:
   ```bash
   # On Linux/macOS
   ./build.sh

   # On Windows
   build.bat
   ```

   **Other Platforms (if needed):**
   ```bash
   # For macOS
   GOOS=darwin GOARCH=amd64 go build -o leo_venice_config_mac leo_venice_config.go

   # For Linux
   GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -o leo_venice_config_linux leo_venice_config.go
   ```

## 📋 Usage

### Easiest Method (Windows)

Simply **double-click** the `leo_venice_config.exe` file. A dialog will appear prompting you for your Venice.AI API key.

### Command Line Method

You can also run the tool from the command line:

**With API key as argument:**

**Windows:**
```bash
leo_venice_config.exe -key=YOUR_API_KEY
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
./leo_venice_config -key=YOUR_API_KEY
```

**With interactive prompt:**

**Windows:**
```bash
leo_venice_config.exe
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
./leo_venice_config
```

## ⚙️ Configuration Details

The tool will automatically:

1. Find Brave's Preferences file on your system
2. Create a backup of your current configuration
3. Configure Leo to use Venice.AI with:
   - Label: Venice.AI
   - Model: llama-3.3-70b
   - Endpoint: https://api.venice.ai/api/v1/chat/completions
   - Context size: 4000
4. Set Venice.AI as the default model for Leo AI helper

## 🔒 Security

- Your API key is stored only in your local Brave browser configuration
- The tool creates a backup of your configuration before making any changes
- No data is sent to any server except when you use Leo AI helper with Venice.AI

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests.

## 📬 Contact

For questions or support, contact:
- Email: george.g.larson@gmail.com
- Twitter: [@g3ologic](https://twitter.com/g3ologic)
- GitHub: [georgeglarson](https://github.com/georgeglarson)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

#AITools #BraveExtensions #VeniceAI #LeoAI #AIConfiguration #LLaMA #OpenSource #CrossPlatform #GoLang
